docs: rewrite note wording (#5462)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/1.concepts/2.vuejs-development.md

Try to replace the `<template>`’s content with a custom welcome message. The browser window on the right will automatically render the changes without reloading.

::alert{type="info"}

> 💡 If you're familiar with Vue, you might be wondering where the `main.js` file is. Nuxt automatically handles this behind the scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 If you're familiar with Vue, you might be looking for the `main.js` file that creates a Vue app instance. Nuxt automatically handles this behind the scenes.
```
